chore: Add update to `README.md` to explain undefined reference error (#198)
elastic/synthetics-recorder: README.md

npm run dev
```

### Troubleshooting

#### Page object is not defined

It is possible to define a series of steps that splits your recorded actions in a way that causes the required

> page object to be out of scope. You may be encountering this issue if, when testing or running your journey, you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page object to be out of scope in the generated code. You may be encountering this issue if, when testing or running your journey, you
```

see an error message like:

```javascript
page1 is not defined
```

You can verify the problem by clicking the `Export` button in the recorder and checking the code output. If your generated
code is similar to the example below, you may need to rearrange your steps.

```javascript
step("Click text=Babel Minify", async () => {
  // `page2` is defined here
  const [page2] = await Promise.all([
    page.waitForEvent("popup"),
    page.click("text=Babel Minify"),
  ]);
  await page2.click(':nth-match(a:has-text("babel-minify"), 3)');
});
step("Close page", async () => {
  // referencing `page2`, which is now out of scope
  await page2.close();
});
```

> By removing the second step divider in the Script Recorder UI, we will generate code that keeps the `page2` object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By removing the step divider associated with `Close page` step in the Script Recorder UI, we will generate code that keeps the `page2` object
```
